come::like
io::I
il suo::his
che::that
lui::he
era::was
per::for
su::on
sono::I'm
con::with
essi::they
essere::to be
a::to
uno::one
avere::to have
questo::this
da::from
da::from
caldo::hot
parola::word
ma::but
cosa::what
alcuni::some
è::and
esso::it
voi::you
o::or
aveva::I had
il::the
di::from
a::to
e::and
un::a
in::in
noi::we
lattina::can
fuori::out
altro::other
erano::they were
che::that
fare::do
loro::they
tempo::weather
se::self
volontà::will
come::like
suddetto::aforementioned
un::a
ogni::every
dire::to say
fa::does
set::set
tre::three
desiderare::desire
aria::air
bene::well
anche::also
giocare::to play
piccolo::little
fine::end
mettere::to put
casa::home
leggere::light
mano::but no
porto::port
grande::great
compitare::spell
aggiungere::to add
anche::also
terra::earth
qui::here
mosto::must
grande::great
alto::tall
tale::such
seguire::to follow
atto::act
perché::because
chiedere::ask
maschi::males
cambiamento::change
è andato::he has gone
luce::light
tipo::guy
spento::worn out
bisogno::need
casa::home
immagine::image
provare::try
noi::we
di nuovo::again
animale::animal
punto::point
madre::mother
mondo::world
vicino::near
costruire::to build
se stesso::himself
terra::earth
padre::father
qualsiasi::any
nuovo::new one
lavoro::work
parte::part
prendere::take
ottenere::get
posto::place
fatto::done
vivere::to live
dove::where is it
dopo::after
indietro::back
poco::little
solo::alone
turno::shift
uomo::man
anno::year
è venuto::it came
spettacolo::show
ogni::every
buono::good
me::myself
dare::give
il nostro::our
sotto::under
nome::first name
molto::very
attraverso::through
solo::alone
forma::form
frase::phrase
grande::great
pensare::to think
dire::to say
aiutare::help
basso::low
linea::line
differire::differ
turno::shift
causa::it causes
molto::very
dire::to say
prima::first
spostare::to shift
diritto::right
ragazzo::boy
vecchio::old
troppo::too
stesso::same
lei::she
tutto::everything
ci::there
quando::when
su::on
uso::use
il tuo::your
modo::way
circa::approximately
molti::lot of
allora::so
loro::they
scrivere::write
sarebbe::would be
come::like
così::like this
queste::these
lei::she
lungo::long
rendere::give
cosa::what
vedere::to see
lui::he
due::two
ha::has
guardare::to look
di più::moreover
giorno::day
potuto::could
andare::to go
venire::come
ha fatto::did
numero::number
suono::sound
no::no
più::more
persone::people
il mio::mine
oltre::beyond
sapere::know
acqua::water
di::from
chiamata::call
primo::first
che::that
può::can
giù::below
lato::side
stato::state
ora::now
trovare::to find
testa::head
stare in piedi::standing
proprio::own
pagina::page
dovrebbe::it should
paese::country
fondare::to found
risposta::reply
scuola::school
crescere::grow
studio::study
ancora::still
imparare::learn
impianto::plant
copertura::coverage
cibo::food
sole::sun
quattro::four
fra::between
stato::state
mantenere::to maintain
occhio::eye
mai::never
ultimo::last
lasciare::to leave
pensiero::thought
città::city
albero::tree
attraversare::cross
fattoria::farm
difficile::hard
inizio::start
forza::force
storia::history
sega::saw
lontano::far
mare::sea
disegnare::to draw
sinistra::left
tardi::late
run::run
non::not
mentre::while
stampa::press
close::close
notte::night
reale::real
vita::life
pochi::few
nord::north
libro::book
portare::bring
ha preso::he took
scienza::science
mangiare::to eat
camera::room
amico::friend
ha iniziato::started
idea::idea
pesce::fish
montagna::mountain
stop::stop
una volta::once
base::base
sentire::feel
cavallo::horse
taglio::cut
sicuro::safe
orologio::clock
colore::color
volto::face
legno::wood
principale::principal
aperto::open
sembrare::to seem
insieme::together
prossimo::next
bianco::white
bambini::children
inizio::start
ottenuto::obtained
camminare::walk
esempio::example
alleviare::relieve
carta::paper
gruppo::group
sempre::always
musica::music
quelli::those
entrambi::both of them
marchio::brand name
spesso::often
lettera::letter
fino a quando::until
miglio::mile
fiume::river
auto::car
piedi::feet
cura::treatment
secondo::according to
abbastanza::enough
pianura::flat land
ragazza::lass
solito::usual
giovane::young
pronto::ready
sopra::on
mai::never
rosso::red
elenco::list
anche se::though
sentire::feel
Discussioni::discussions
uccello::bird
presto::soon
corpo::body
cane::dog
famiglia::family
diretto::direct
posa::pose
lasciare::to leave
canzone::song
misurare::to measure
porta::brings
prodotto::product
nero::black
breve::short
numerale::numeral
classe::class
vento::wind
domanda::request
accadere::to happen
integrale::whole wheat
nave::ship
area::area
metà::half
rock::rock
ordine::order
fuoco::fire
sud::south
problema::problem
pezzo::piece
ha detto::he said
sapeva::he knew
passare::pass
da::from
top::top
tutto::everything
re::king
strada::street
pollice::thumb
moltiplicare::multiply
niente::nothing
corso::course
soggiornare::stay
ruota::wheel
completo::business suit
vigore::force
blu::blue
oggetto::object
decidere::to decide
superficie::surface
profondità::depth
luna::moon
isola::island
piede::feet
sistema::system
occupato::busy
test::test
record::record
barca::boat
comune::common
oro::gold
possibile::possible
piano::floor
vece::instead
asciutto::dry
meraviglia::wonder
ridere::laugh
migliaia::thousands
fa::does
corse::racing
controllare::to check
gioco::game
forma::form
uguagliare::match
caldo::hot
perdere::lose
portato::brought
calore::heat
neve::snow
pneumatico::tire
portare::bring
sì::yes
lontano::far
riempire::to fill
est::east
dipingere::paint
lingua::language
tra::between
unità::unit
potenza::power
città::city
fine::end
certo::certain
volare::to fly
cadere::to fall
portare::bring
grido::he shouted
scuro::dark
macchina::car
nota::note
aspettare::wait
piano::floor
figura::figure
stella::star
scatola::box
sostantivo::noun
campo::field
resto::rest
corretto::correct
in grado di::able to
libbra::pound
done::done
bellezza::beauty
unità::unit
sorgeva::stood
contenere::to contain
frontale::front
insegnare::teach
settimana::week
finale::the final
ha dato::he gave
verde::green
oh::oh
veloce::rapid
sviluppare::to develop
oceano::ocean
caldo::hot
gratuito::free
minuto::minute
forte::strong
speciale::special
mente::mind
dietro::behind
chiaro::clear
coda::tail
produrre::to produce
fatto::done
spazio::space
sentito::heard
migliore::improve
ora::now
meglio::better
vero::real
durante::during
cento::hundred
cinque::five
ricordare::to remember
passo::step
presto::soon
tenere::to hold
ovest::west
terra::earth
interesse::interest
raggiungere::to reach
veloce::rapid
verbo::verb
cantare::to sing
ascoltare::to listen
sei::six
tavolo::table
viaggi::trips
meno::less
mattina::morning
dieci::ten
semplice::simple
alcuni::some
vocale::vocal
verso::to
guerra::war
porre::to pose
contro::against
modello::template
lento::slow
centro::center
amore::love
persona::person
soldi::money
servire::serve
apparire::to appear
strada::street
mappa::map
pioggia::rain
regola::rule
governare::to govern
tirare::pull
freddo::cold
avviso::notice
voce::voice
energia::power
caccia::hunting
probabile::likely
letto::read
fratello::brother
uovo::egg
giro::round
cella::cell
credere::believe
forse::perhaps
scegliere::choose
improvviso::sudden
contare::to count
piazza::square
motivo::reason
lunghezza::length
rappresentare::to represent
arte::art
soggetto::subject
regione::region
dimensione::dimension
variare::to vary
risolvere::solve
parlare::speak
peso::weight
generale::general
ghiaccio::ice
materia::matter
cerchio::circle
coppia::couple
includere::to include
divide::divides
sillaba::syllable
feltro::felt
grande::great
palla::ball
ancora::still
onda::wave
cadere::to fall
cuore::heart
am::am
presente::here i'm
pesante::heavy
danza::dance
motore::motor
posizione::position
braccio::arm
ampio::ample
vela::sail
materiale::material
frazione::fraction
foresta::forest
sedersi::sit
gara::competition
finestra::window
negozio::shop
estate::summer
treno::train
sonno::sleep
dimostrare::to demonstrate
solitario::solitary
gamba::leg
esercizio::exercise
muro::wall
prendere::take
monte::mountain
desiderio::wish
cielo::sky
pensione::pension
gioia::joy
inverno::winter
sat::sat
scritto::written
selvaggio::wild
strumento::instrument
tenere::to hold
vetro::glass
erba::grass
mucca::cow
lavoro::work
bordo::edge
segno::sign
visita::visit
passato::past
morbido::soft
divertimento::fun
luminoso::light
gas::gas
tempo::weather
mese::month
milione::million
sopportare::to bear
finitura::finish
felice::happy
speranza::hope
fiore::flower
vestire::to dress
strano::strange
gone::gone
commercio::trade
melodia::melody
viaggio::voyage
ufficio::office
ricevere::receive
fila::line
bocca::mouth
esatto::exact
simbolo::symbol
morire::die
meno::less
difficoltà::difficulty
shout::shout
tranne::except
ha scritto::he wrote
seme::seed
tono::tone
aderire::stick
suggerire::to suggest
pulito::cleaned up
pausa::pause
signora::mrs
cantiere::worksite
salire::to go up
male::bad
colpo::hit
olio::oil
sangue::blood
toccare::touch
è cresciuto::it has grown
cent::cent
mescolare::mix
team::team
filo::wire
costo::cost
perso::lost
marrone::brown
indossare::to wear
giardino::garden
pari::even
inviato::envoy
scegliere::choose
caduto::fallen off
adattarsi::to adapt
flusso::flow
fiera::fair
banca::bank
raccogliere::gather
salvare::to save
controllo::check
decimale::decimal
orecchio::ear
altro::other
abbastanza::enough
rotto::broken
caso::case
mezzo::middle
uccidere::kill
figlio::son
lago::the needle
momento::moment
scala::ladder
forte::strong
primavera::spring
osservare::to observe
bambino::child
dritto::straight
consonante::consonant
nazione::country
dizionario::dictionary
latte::milk
velocità::speed
metodo::method
organo::organ
pagare::to pay
età::age
sezione::section
vestito::dress
nube::cloud
sorpresa::surprise
tranquillo::calm
pietra::stone
piccolo::little
salita::climb
fresco::fresh
design::design
povero::poor man
lotto::lot
esperimento::experiment
fondo::bottom
chiave::key
ferro::iron
singolo::single
bastone::stick
appartamento::apartment
venti::winds
pelle::skin
sorriso::smile
piega::fold
foro::hole
salto::jump
bambino::child
otto::eight
villaggio::village
si incontrano::they meet
radice::root
acquistare::buy
aumentare::to increase
risolvere::solve
metallo::metal
se::self
spingere::push
sette::seven
paragrafo::paragraph
terzo::third
deve::needs to
tenuto::held
capelli::hair
descrivere::to describe
cuoco::cook
piano::floor
o::or
risultato::result
bruciare::burn
collina::hill
sicuro::safe
gatto::cat
secolo::century
considerare::to consider
tipo::guy
legge::law
bit::bit
costa::it costs
copia::copy
frase::phrase
silenzioso::silent
alto::tall
sabbia::sand
suolo::soil
rotolo::roll
temperatura::temperature
dito::finger
industria::industry
valore::value
lotta::struggle
bugia::lie
battere::beat
eccitare::to excite
naturale::natural
vista::view
senso::sense
capitale::capital
non sarà::it will not be
sedia::chair
pericolo::danger
frutta::fruit
ricco::rich
spesso::often
soldato::soldier
processo::process
operare::operate
pratica::practice
separato::separate
difficile::hard
medico::doctor
per favore::please
proteggere::to protect
mezzogiorno::twelve o'clock
raccolto::collected
moderno::modern
elemento::element
colpire::to hit
studente::student
angolo::angle
partito::match
fornitura::supply
la cui::whose
individuare::locate
anello::ring
carattere::character
insetto::insect
catturato::caught
periodo::period
indicare::indicate
radio::radio
raggio::radius
atomo::atom
umano::human
storia::history
effetto::effect
elettrico::electric
aspettare::wait
osso::bone
ferrovia::railroad
immaginare::imagine
fornire::supply
concordare::agree
così::like this
dolce::sweet
donna::woman
capitano::captain
indovinare::guess
necessario::necessary
tagliente::sharp
ala::wing
creare::create
prossimo::next
lavaggio::wash
pipistrello::bat
piuttosto::rather
folla::crowd
mais::corn
confrontare::compare
poesia::poetry
stringa::string
campana::bell
dipendere::to depend
carne::meat
strofinare::rub
tubo::tube
famoso::famous
dollaro::dollar
ruscello::stream
paura::fear
vista::view
sottile::subtle
triangolo::triangle
pianeta::planet
fretta::rush
capo::boss
colonia::colony
orologio::clock
miniera::mine
cravatta::tie
inserire::to insert
maggiore::greater
fresco::fresh
ricerca::research
inviare::send
giallo::yellow
pistola::pistol
consentire::allow
stampa::press
morto::died
spot::spot
deserto::desert
tuta::suit
corrente::current
ascensore::elevator
rosa::pink
arrivare::get
master::master's degree
pista::track
genitore::parent
riva::shore
divisione::division
foglio::sheet
sostanza::substance
favorire::favor
collegare::connect
Messaggio::message
spendere::spend
accordo::agreement
grasso::fat
felice::happy
originale::original
quota::quote
stazione::railway station
papà::dad
pane::bread
carica::load
corretto::correct
bar::bar
offerta::offering
segmento::segment
schiavo::slave
anatra::duck
immediato::immediate
mercato::market
grado::degree
popolare::popular
pulcino::flea
caro::expensive
nemico::enemy
rispondere::answer
bevanda::beverage
verificarsi::occur
supporto::support
discorso::speech
natura::nature
gamma::range
vapore::steam
moto::motorcycle
sentiero::pathway
liquido::liquid
log::log
significava::meant
quoziente::quotient
denti::teeth
guscio::shell
collo::neck
ossigeno::oxygen
zucchero::sugar
morte::death
piuttosto::rather
abilità::skills
donne::women
stagione::season
soluzione::solution
magnete::magnet
argento::silver
grazie::thank you
ramo::branch
partita::match
suffisso::suffix
particolarmente::particularly
fico::fig
impaurito::afraid
enorme::huge
sorella::sister
acciaio::steel
discutere::discuss
avanti::come on
simile::similar
guidare::to drive
esperienza::experience
punteggio::score
mela::apple
comprato::bought
portato::brought
pece::pitch
cappotto::coat
massa::mass
scheda::form
banda::band
corda::rope
slittamento::slip
vittoria::victory
sognare::dream
sera::evening
condizione::condition
alimentazione::power supply
strumento::instrument
totale::total
di base::basic
odore::smell
valle::valley
né::neither
doppio::double
sedile::seat
continuare::to continue
blocco::block
grafico::graphic
cappello::hat
vendere::sell
successo::success
azienda::agency
sottrarre::subtract
evento::event
particolare::particular
affare::deal
nuoto::I swim
termine::term
opposto::opposite to
moglie::wife
scarpa::shoe
spalla::shoulder
spread::spread
organizzare::organize
campo::field
inventare::to invent
cotone::cotton
nascita::birth
determinare::to determine
quarto di gallone::quart
nove::nine
camion::truck
rumore::noise
livello::level
possibilità::possibility
raccogliere::gather
negozio::shop
tratto::treatment
gettare::to throw
shine::shine
proprietà::property
colonna::column
molecola::molecule
selezionare::to select
sbagliato::wrong
grigio::grey
ripetizione::repetition
richiedere::request
ampio::ample
preparare::prepare
sale::salt
naso::nose
plurale::plural
rabbia::anger
richiesta::request
continente::continent
